Support for NPR Music comes from Capital
One, proud supporters of NPR Music and
the Tiny Desk Contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capitalone.com.
>> [music]
[singing]
>> Do you want to be with a star?
>> [music]
>> Can you fly with me?
Yeah, yeah, [singing] yeah.
>> [music]
>> Can you really be with a star? [singing]
Can you [music] keep up, baby?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> [singing]
>> They all want to be
>> They all want to be with a star.
>> [screaming]
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
>> [singing]
[music]
>> I can't be your phone physique. [music]
And I won't be your super woman. [music]
You can give me endless figures, but a
cage won't fit a body's numbers.
Useless cannot [music] be your fingers.
And I'm not dealing with no drama.
>> [music]
>> You're coming round thinking that you're
something.
But I see that you're full of loving.
[singing]
I mean, can you
>> They all want to be with a star.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> even be [singing]
>> Can you fly [music] with me?
>> Can you fly
>> Yeah.
>> with me, [singing] babe?
Do you want to
>> to be with a star?
>> I don't think
>> Can you fly
>> you can be
with a star like
>> [screaming]
>> They all want to
>> They all want to be.
>> [singing]
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> [singing]
>> Can you really keep up?
Can you really keep up?
>> [music and singing]
>> Can you really keep up?
Can you really keep up?
>> [singing]
>> Can you really keep up?
Do you want to keep up?
I don't want to keep up.
I don't want to [music] keep up with
you.
>> [singing]
>> Cuz you cannot keep up with me.
Yeah, [music and singing] yeah, yeah.
>> [cheering and applause]
>> It's been good to be here. Really good
to be here. Not going to lie.
>> [music]
>> I don't want to [singing] think about
it.
>> [music]
>> I've cried so hard and long, I fear I've
[music] wasted tears and time.
>> Please [singing] don't make me think
about it.
>> I I I've tried [music] so hard and long
[singing] to keep you out my peace of
mind, yeah.
>> [music]
>> No looking back, [singing] no looking
forward.
>> I should have closed my eyes a long time
ago to be fair. [singing]
I mean, damn. I thought it was all
right.
>> [music]
>> But it turns out I was thought nice
[singing] and which really [music] means
you are
stupid, but what a good lesson.
And I know [music] what I need, so when
[singing] you see me next time, I hope
you respect
my boundaries.
>> [music]
>> Respect my
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Respect and don't complain [singing]
because I put them where they [music]
need to be. They here for you and me.
Respect my
>> [music]
>> Eenie meenie tiny respect Eenie meenie
tiny meenie Respect my Eenie meenie tiny
meenie respect my Eenie meenie tiny
meenie respect
Yeah.
>> [music]
>> Respect my Eenie meenie
tiny meenie respect my
Eenie meenie
>> [music]
>> tiny meenie respect my
>> [applause]
[cheering]
>> Respect my
>> [applause]
>> Hey, we want to shout out somebody. They
wrote this song with us. His name is
Telemachus. Shout out Telemachus for
ready-made love. No cap.
No capper.
>> [music]
>> Ooh.
If it ain't [singing and music] special,
it ain't love.
Ready-made [music and singing] love.
And I want
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ready-made love.
>> [music and singing]
>> I like it when it's tailor.
I like it when it [music] fit me.
>> [singing]
>> I like it when it's tailor.
I like [music] it when it fit me.
It took me so long to get this [__]
right. Oh, so you say this ain't
nothing.
Oh, and I never seen [music and singing]
this.
Don't make me regret standing by your
side cuz if you don't make it special,
then I don't want it.
>> [singing]
[singing]
[music]
>> So make it [singing] special.
>> Make it special.
>> Make [music] it special. [singing]
>> [music]
[singing]
[music]
>> Ready, hey love.
So make it special.
>> Make it [singing and music] special.
Make it special. [music and singing]
>> [applause and cheering]
[applause]
[music]
[singing]
>> I thought I was dreaming.
>> [music]
>> Dreaming on a star. [singing]
Never had a doubt about who you are.
Never had a doubt about [music] who
>> Who you are. Now wishing.
Wishing on a [singing] star. I never had
a doubt about who you are. [music] I
like to make it really far with you.
[singing]
Last night lay me [music] down to sleep.
I dreamt all night about you and me.
And I touched her
and you're coming back real soon,
[singing and music] he said.
Until then, what should I
>> [singing]
>> do?
He told me, [music] "Girl, look at the
sky tonight.
Everything will be [music] all right.
I hope I don't end up a
[singing and music] fool, I swear.
Trust you is all I can do."
>> [music]
>> It's like I'm dreaming,
dreaming. [singing]
I never had a doubt.
And now I'm wishing,
wishing on a star.
>> [music]
>> Never had a doubt about you.
And I want
to make it far. You are like my star,
want this love to shine through.
>> [singing]
>> And I want
to make it far.
That is [singing] what I want to do.
Walking in [music and singing] the door
from work,
I see you and you kiss me first.
>> [music]
>> Deja vu, you want me to. Go figure.
Feeling like I'm [music and singing]
about to burst.
Damn, I swear I feel so ready.
Want this [__] to keep flowing steady.
[music and singing]
Work it hard and work it good.
And if patience speaks as wood ain't
steady, understood.
And [music] right now it's like I'm
dreaming,
dreaming.
>> [singing]
[music]
>> I never had a doubt.
>> [music]
>> And now I'm wishing,
wishing on [singing] a star.
Never had a doubt about you.
>> [music]
>> And I want to make it
to make it far
with you.
And I want [singing] to make it
want to [music] make it
That is what I want to do
with you, baby. [singing]
>> [music]
[music]
[cheering]
>> Uh,
I don't know if y'all notice this or
not. I don't know if y'all notice this
or not, but that song is literally
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
How I wonder what you are.
How y'all feeling? Y'all still feeling
good?
Swag.
>> [music]
[singing]
[music]
>> Didn't [singing] know you flowed
>> Didn't know
>> [music]
>> Didn't know that you flowed
>> [singing]
>> Didn't know that we flowed
>> Didn't know he flowed
like [singing] that
>> Didn't know that she flowed
>> [singing]
>> Want to see you in the races
>> Didn't know that you flowed
>> in the same spaces. Would [singing] you
look
at that?
>> [music]
>> Didn't know that [singing] you flowed
>> Would like to pray that I won't make it
>> Didn't know that you flowed [music]
>> Those people say they telling the whole
world that they need to know
about [singing] that.
>> Didn't know that you flowed
>> Now I didn't even need to have to tell
[singing] you.
You have to ask to see it on your own
how we flow like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you found
[singing] out that you flow.
I like [music] to think you already know
that we flow
like that.
>> [music]
>> Ooh,
>> [singing]
>> found out that we flow.
I like [music] to think you already know
that we flow
like that.
>> [singing]
>> I
always want to be there for your
milestones.
Never ask about [singing] the quietness
of when [music] you flow
like that.
Show [music] love
and I try to stay on.
>> [singing]
>> Always that always want the best when
you flow
like [music and singing] that.
Ooh,
found out [singing] that we flow.
Love to see us flow. Love to see us flow
>> [singing]
>> like [music] that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you found out
that we flow.
>> [music]
>> I like to think I already know that we
flow
like that.
Found out that you [singing] flow.
>> [laughter]
[applause]
>> Yeah, that's uh that's that song where
like people like be down with you and
stuff.
They be like down with you and stuff and
then you play on that song.
>> [laughter]
[music]
>> Yeah.
I love the way you always
[singing and music] show me how you mean
it.
I like the way you love yourself so
conceited.
I love the way you show me love just
when [singing and music] I need it.
I like the way you
I really like you.
I like it when you drive it
[singing and music] fast as you can down
the highway. I love it every time you
let me do it my way.
I like it when you kiss me there in the
driveway. [music]
I really like you.
I really need
>> [singing]
[music]
>> I'll follow you
I'll take my time with you.
>> [singing]
>> I'll let you take me to
I'm running in circles.
>> [singing and music]
>> I'm running [singing] in circles.
>> [music]
[singing]
>> You like the way I make you laugh, baby
love it.
You love the way I just don't care like
[__] it.
I like the way [music] in which we
going, baby please don't turn around cuz
there ain't [singing] nothing for you.
You love it when I make you laugh, baby
always.
I love it when [singing] I hear your
voice down the hallways.
I love it even when we're a thousand
[music] miles apart,
ain't nothing break our hearts in two.
I'll follow you around.
>> [music]
>> I'll take my [singing] time with you.
I'll let you take me to
>> [singing]
>> I'm running in circles.
>> [music]
[applause]
>> All right, so I'm assuming y'all know
Is it the word "ashe", right? Ashe like
amen, okay. You know the song Omi
I'm I'm Listen, I'm about to I'm
nervous. Don't don't do me right now.
Slip in. But y'all know
call and respond.
Y'all know what we say in this song, I'm
assuming.
Ashe, ashe.
Can I hear that, please? Ashe, ashe. You
could be louder though, right?
Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Okay. We
going to We going to do it. Y'all Y'all
ready?
All right, we ready.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Thank you, mama, for your time.
>> [music]
>> Fill me with [singing] light to sing
this song.
Protect your children.
>> Ashe, ashe. [singing and music]
>> For your children.
>> Ashe, ashe.
>> Do your children.
>> Watch over our heads with love.
Watch over our heads with [singing]
love.
Watch over our heads with love.
Watch over our heads with [singing]
love.
Watch over our heads with love.
>> [singing]
[music and singing]
>> Thank you, Father, for giving us life.
>> [singing]
>> Protect your children. [singing]
>> [music]
>> All your children.
You, your children.
All your [music] children.
Wash over our heads with love.
>> [singing]
>> Wash over our heads with love.
Wash over our heads with love.
>> [singing]
>> Wash over our heads with [music] love.
Wash over our heads with love.
>> [singing]
>> Wash over our heads with love.
Wash over our heads.
>> [music and singing]
[music]
[cheering]
[applause]
>> Thank y'all.
>> [applause]
>> THANKS FOR WATCHING. SUPPORT FOR NPR
Music comes from Rivian, makers of
all-electric adventure vehicles designed
with the planet and future generations
in mind.
A quick update before you go. We're
doing another Tiny Desk giveaway. Enter
by September 12th, 2026 and you and a
friend could win a free trip to DC to
see a Tiny Desk Concert live in person.
You even get to choose which upcoming
show you [music] want to see and it's
completely free to enter. Just go to
npr.org/tinydeskgiveaway.
Entering is completely free, but you can
get more entries by snagging some
limited edition Tiny Desk merch or by
making a special donation to the NPR
network. Learn more and enter today at
npr.org/tinydeskgiveaway. [music]